Migrate to jakarta namespace (#238)
mitre/HTTP-Proxy-Servlet: README.md

        |  +- commons-logging:commons-logging:jar:1.2:compile
        |  \- commons-codec:commons-codec:jar:1.11:compile

This proxy supports HttpClient 4.5, and newer version too.
If you need to support _older_ HttpClient versions:
* use 1.8 version of this proxy for HttpClient versions 4.1 and 4.2
* use 1.12 version of this proxy for HttpClient versions 4.3 and 4.4

> As of version 2.0 of the proxy, `jakarta servlet-api` is supported by default. If you still need to support `javax servlet-api`, you must specify the `javax` classifier on the dependency declaration as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 2.0 of the proxy, the proxy switched to the `jakarta servlet-api`, while nonetheless retaining support for the `javax servlet-api` version for those that need it.  To use that, specify the `javax` classifier on the dependency declaration as follows:
```
